Let's get into actually
building something.
So what I want to do,
let me just step into the IDE,
and we're going to start programming.
And so I'm gonna close this down and so
right now we're running the micro app,
but I'm going to spin up the meso app.
So we'll go here and we're gonna
go npm run serve:meso, and
you can do this from stacklets as well.
This is nothing that I'm going
to do here is Angular specific.
And so within this, we have a very
basic object that we are just porting out.
And let me just hop into my code,
and let's run this side by side.
And what I'm also going to do is,
I'm just gonna set this to false.
Let me just refresh this hopefully.
If I just save this, what I wanna do is I
want the sidebar to go away, and it's not.
I don't really care that much.
But, I'll figure that out in a moment.
That's why, I'm in the micro app.
So in the meso app,
back into the home component, or
the app component rather,
I'm gonna set this to false.
We'll save this.
There we go.
All right, so if you're running the app,
this is what you should see,
if not you can do
everything right inside of Stacklets,
no problem.
All right, so within our application,
I'm gonna just put this side by side.
Let's go over here.
Let's run the meso, all right.
I'm going to delete everything in here,
well,
there's nothing in here or not much.
And let's start from the beginning.
So I'm just gonna kind of jump in here and
we're gonna start building this out.
And so you can see here,
it's just an empty object.
And so as you start to type this out,
all we're gonna do is we're
just going to dump this out.
So, within this, let's define a client.
And we'll just call this client and
we'll give it an id of 1.
First name is, Peter, I really quite like,
This, and
we'll go with company is Acme, Inc.
Now what I can do here is I can
just go and, I can assign this,
so whatever, I'm just basically whatever
Tango is, I'm just dumping it out.
And we're seeing this here.
Now, what we can do is
let's strongly type this.
So we're gonna go interface, Client and
we're gonna go firstName is a string,
lastName is also a string, and
company is a string.
Now, from here,
one thing that I have started doing is,
Typically, what I'll do is I
will create a BaseEntity interface,
and I'll set an id on this to string or
null.
And I would recommend if
you're setting IDs and
you're creating that interface, I would
set it to a string, never a number,
because you have 9 digits as a number, you
have 26 plus 9 if you do it as a string.
So you just get more options.
And then from here,
extends BaseEntity, and so
what you can also do is have essentially
a contract invoke another contract,
which is what's happening here, so
I'm gonna say Peter is of type client.
We'll dump this out.
Now, notice I'm gonna save this and
it's compiling okay, but
we're getting an error in the IDE.
So this is a really, really nice
safety net that in loosely typed or
non typed JavaScript that I got
burnt by this all the time.
So this is strongly typed data
structures is just a nice little safety
net that allows you to kind of proceed and
kind of catch it on the way.
So when I see these red wiggly squiggly
lines, it's like something's wrong.
And so what am I missing?
Well, it's telling me,
by the way, auto sense, or
auto suggest in an IDE for
JavaScript is amazing.
Every time it happens and it works,
I pour champagne out on the ground.
So let me do another one.
We'll just go john, Client.
This is also a client and
we'll go id 2, firstName John.
Company is not available.
All right, so now what we can do is we can
create a collection or
an array to hold those,
so clients is an array of clients.
And so we're just saying this square
brackets are a shorthand for array, and
we're saying that this has, or
it is an array of client objects.
And then from here,
we can go peter and john.
And what we should be
able to do from here,
clients save, here we go.
So at this point, if you've been
programming for more than a couple weeks,
we've done something that I'm
certain you've done this before.